It's really good that in due course application we're now able to fetch user input and obviously a fetching
user input is something you will need in a lot of your applications.
Or basically every application you're creating as well.
But once that user input is fetched what do we do with it.
Well that will be basically the focus of this module will dive into managing and using state in our
application.
And that means we're not just focusing on getting user input but also doing something with it so that
somewhere in the end we're also outputting something useful.
And for Dad.
Well first of all have a brief look at what state actually is.
What do a mean with the term state thereafter we'll have a look at how we save that user input we're
fetching fruit of forms we added in the last course module and we'll have a look at how we can output
our state so how we can adjust our application to take that data the user entered into account.